

"I'm the king. I'm the king. I'm the king"
"I'm the king. I'm the king. I'm the king"
"I'm the king. I'm the king. I'm the king"
"I'm the king. I'm the king. I'm the king"

Is there a party over here, with no guns and knives getting in?
Now let and best, get sweat the life threatening
Netting is suggesting, guest do the resting
Mic test, KISS, BLS, who the best then?
'Cause when I appear with hoes off a chair with
Stare with, I'm talking 'bout a party over here with
Main wrecking, girls be checking, could be necking
To respect and to remember every one of y'all a second to
Relaxing, gonna be friction, a fraction, attraction
You don't wanna see action, I ask then
Screw, 'cause you don't know what the Rick'll do
Giggle to and as you can see a butt wiggle too
Fried and spin my bride and move your hide and
Nothing but a jammy on my side and
So cling on brother's arm, I'm thin
I'm wondering, should I begin to kick ya mind and chin
'Cause I'm king

If ya forgot who was the man I'll stand and live kid
You will be bouncing up and down 'cause I'm a grand individual
Shit you will fist and cheer to dear, disappear
To where you nowhere near to
And could never dream, run horse for Debra and
Clever trap a hook and screaming on yours forever and
Town to town with the B-Boys sounds
That has the Ruler Rick announce, which amounts to bounce to
Classing, still hum the lassin, smash jewelry have like
Kids from the Bassin, 'cause bodies lay about
Respect you better pay about
Obey about, 'cause Ricky isn't sweating what you say about
Hum on the clause, silent jay younger boy
Rap being strong, 'cause see this is violence ya hunger for
So cling those on them cling, I'm wondering
Should I begin to kick ya mind or chin? 'cause I'm king

Like Ceaser, I wanna chill ho on knees for
Please for, breeze, why money grow on trees for
Ten to play, I'm popping willie on the way in
To K, the Rick could make a milly in a day in
Kid shot, 'cause we on the boy's hot
'Cause the part don't start that's killing noise fart 'cause
Strive kid, go for the nicest
One for the trife shit, run for ya lifest
As I scrape hoes, grasping to shape up
Clothes drape, tell me why you blasting the tape up
And up high to, as you boyfriend tried to be
Hoes fly to Vance Wright, tearing inside of me
Sonya, sweat so I bone ya
Let nobody clone ya, and get what I own ya
So hoes cling, those aren't I'm thin
I'm wondering should I bring to kick ya mind to chin
'Cause I'm king
