

[LL Cool J:]
Yeah! Ghetto to ghetto (Uh)
As we bring the drama live (Y'nah mean?)
We 'bout to set it! (Uh) Word life son!
Yeah! Mad flavors (Yeah) butters
Ghetto to ghetto, yeah!

Keep your chicken head, I'm lookin' for a dime (Word up)
Get my swerve on, make it hot, word bond
I'm lickin' on your ankle bracelet
We'll be sippin' Moët with strawberries to chase it
I'm nasty, ask me, why I lick my lips
So in the darkness, I can run my tongue over your tits
It's all good sugary, you ain't leavin'
Sit up on my face and help my stash grow even
Whipped cream taste mean from the back
She bounce with LL now shorty's on the map
I put away the gat, took off the hat
Throw ya Mos in the air if you like it like that
No doubt boo, I keep it real girl
Mad pleasure, blowin' up your whole world
Whatever's clever I got endless cash
Trees from Hawaii, two pulls and pass

[Terri & Monica:]
I'll be lounging with LL, Cool J
I'll be lounging with LL, hey hey
I'll be lounging with LL, Cool J
I'll be lounging with LL, hey hey

[LL Cool J:]
Uh, my scenario is grand (Word up!)
A dime piece, Hennessy up in my hand
I "Turn Off the Lights" like Teddy (Click!)
I'm fiendin', starin' in the darkness, now I'm ready
Uh, ooh yeah up in ya!
Let it flow while I pump slow
Then I speed it up, heat it up
Make it mo' tasty, so you can swing low and lace me
Use your imagination
You do me, I'll do you, sex education
It's all good, it's cranberry "Absolut" and peach schnapps
Feelin' tipsy, loungin' on the rooftops
I'm 'bout to spank you on that ass (Ooh)
I know you love it when it lasts (True)
When you need it who you ask? (You!)
What you sayin' when I dash? (Don't go boo)

[Terri & Monica:]
I'll be lounging with LL, Cool J
I'll be lounging with LL, hey hey
I'll be lounging with LL, Cool J
I'll be lounging with LL, hey hey

[LL Cool J:]
C'mon, you got to bounce with me sugar (You got to bounce) word up
You got to bounce with me sugar (Word-a-word-a-word up) word up
You got to bounce with me sugar (You got to bounce with me sugar)
Word up, you got to bounce with me sugar (A-word-a-word-a-word up)

Warm it up sugar, make it hot
Shorties'll swarm, make me wanna bust shots (BO!)
We speak, daily on the regular
Run your jibs all day chip in my cellular
Shoot down to Jamaica, pretty white sand
Suntan oil, piña colada in you hand
Layin' up at night, peepin' out stars
Remember, when we was at the club at the bar?
I told ya, my status, was that of a don
You thought I was a dog and you ain't wanna get it on
But my mind has attractin' qualities
On the emotions of a young lady (Word up)
So here you are, smack dab up in the mix (Uh-huh)
Shorty this here's about as good as it gets
Word up, I'ma treat you like a queen from the heart
Crack the bubbly, and let the episode start

[Terri & Monica:]
I'll be lounging with LL, Cool J
I'll be lounging with LL, hey hey

Ghetto to ghetto! Ghetto to ghetto!
