

Throw them thangs
Throw them thangs (kick me in)
Throw them thangs (yo nigga throw..)

The quicker the nigga can go on
The faster the nigga can get his dough on
Then I can hit my flow and get my ho on
Them niggas don't know what goes on
They tryin' to fuck with all they clothes on
Then act up when all the hoes gone
Are you ready for my flow? Hit me (Hoooooooo!)
Are you ready for my flow? Hit me (Hoooooooo!)
Are you ready for my flow? Hit me (Hoooooooo!)
Stop frontin' motherfucker let them thangs go
I'm quick to kill a nigga any nigga feel me nigga
You can't fade me I'm way to fuckin' real nigga
2Pacalypse Now still down with the Underground
Niggas get clowned when I come around
Boom boom motherfucker and it don't stop
Fuck a cop pass the glock and it won't stop
If ya ready for my flow hit me (Hoooooooo!)
If ya ready for my flow hit me (Hoooooooo!)
If ya ready for my flow hit me (Hoooooooo!)
Stop frontin' motherfucker let them thangs go
If ya wonderin' the thunder and the trouble
Is comin' from the rebel as I hit ya from the lower level
Hit me once fuckin' D M and two times
Poppin' like two nines hittin' 'em with new rhymes
I can make you love me
Best to chill with the nigga cause ya sure can't punch me
If ya feel me let me hear ya say (Rock that shit)
If ya feel me let me hear ya say (Rock that shit)
If ya feel me let me hear ya say (Rock that shit)
Cause ain't a nigga alive that can stop the hit

[Spice1 (2Pac):]
Hey, hold on young 'Pac
Motherfuckers ain't ridin' no hookers out here
Punk motherfuckers think the town
Ain't got handle bars on and shit
And ya lie to get slapped behind here
With a motherfuckin' motor, punk sissy
(Tell them motherfuckin' square ass niggas)
(Check this out)
(Y'all finna come up off those motherfuckin' thangs)
(Cause I ain't finna be up in sweatin' for nothin')
(Ya little punk square nigga)

I'm quick to spit the shit get ya open
Straight outta Oakland
Fuck the law get ya jaw broken
Ba ba ba bang bang nigga it's a stick up dee
Turn the kick up I'm ready to rip the shit up G
They got me hype hype hyper, am I hype enough?
Pass the blunt motherfucker let me light shit up
And pump ya fist like this
Cause the cops can't flip on a whole damn clique
So suck dick
What they hittin' 'fo? Double up nigga it's on
The type of nigga that likes to bone with the lights on
If ya ready for a nigga hit me (Hooooooo!)
If ya ready for a nigga hit me (Hooooooo!)
If ya ready for a nigga hit me (Hooooooo!)
Stop frontin' motherfucker let them thangs go
Yes some of you niggas are bitches too
Little square motherfuckers tryin' to get to who?
Pop pop never made it to ya punk ass clique
Talk shit now ya gotta get ya punk ass whipped
For the bitches that be tryin' to work a nigga, fuck that bitch
For the tramps that be tryin' to jerk a nigga, fuck that trick
For the rollers that be tryin' to urk a nigga, fuck the cops
I'mma hustle and you punks can't hurt me nigga
If ya ready for a nigga hit me (Hooooooo!)
If ya ready for a nigga hit me (Hooooooo!)
If ya ready for a nigga hit me (Hooooooo!)
Stop frontin' motherfucker let them thangs go
Uh, uh, yeah
Let them thangs go
