

[59 Chrystie Street]

"Aw yeah!"

There's a girl over there "Aw yeah!"
With long brown hair "Aw yeah!"
I took her to the place
I threw the mattress in her face

Took off her shirt fresh"
Took off her bra
Took off her pants fresh"
You know what I saw
Wick wick wack!"

[Get On The Mic]

One, two
Right about now I'd like to dedicate this song
Out to my main homey, Mike D
A'ight, let's kick it
Ready... go

Get on the mic, get-get on the mic
Just get on the mic, get on the mic, Mike!
Let's be real, and don't cloud the issue
The rhymes are rope, an MC you must listen to
People say that they been missin' me and missin' you
Get on the mic, and let's show them like we used to
Well, you say fuck that, yo, Holmes, fuck this
I'm the King AdWhammy and you're Dick Butkus
One half science and another half soul
Nicknamed Mike D, not Fat Morton Jelly Roll
Got busy in 'Frisco, fooled around in Fresno
Got over on your girlie 'cause you know she never says no

So just get on the mic, just get on the mic
Just get on the mic, get on the mic, Mike!

Well, Mike D is a special individual
Pullin' out knots and pullin' in residuals
Go to the movies, get the Rolos
The cholos ridin' slow and low
Mike on the mic and bust with the solo
Mike, my stromy, don't be so selfish
Get on the mic 'cause you know you eat shellfish

At the fever

[Stop That Train]

It's 4 a.m., I've got the Hasenpfeffer Ale
I've got nothing to lose, so I'm pissing on the third rail
Groggy-eyed and fried, and I'm headed for the station
D-train ride to Coney Island vacation
This one's... dedicated to the boofers in the back of the 1-train
They'll be kicking out windows, high on cocaine
And then I jump the turnstile, I lost my last token
Riding between the cars, pissing, smoking
Head for the last car, fluorescent light blackout
Policeman told my homeboy, "Yo, put that crack out"
You know you light up when the lights go down
And then you read the New York Post, Fulton Street, downtown
Same faces every day, but you don't know their names
Party people going places on the D train

Stop that train, I wanna get on

Check it
Trench coat, wingtip, going to work
And you'll be pulling a train like you're Captain Kirk
Pickpocket gangsters, payin' their debts
I caught a bullet in the lung from Bernhard Goetz
Overworked and underpaid, starin' at the floor
Prostitute's spandex caught in the slide doors
Now you're stuck between the stations, it seems like an eternity
Sweating like sardines in a flophouse fraternity
$50.00 fine for disturbing the peace
The neck, tortoise, your Lees are creased
Hot cup of coffee, and the donuts are Dunkin
Friday night and Jamaica Queens funkin'
Elevated platform, I'm never gonna conform
Riding over the diner where I always get my toast warm
Bust into the conductor's booth and busted out rhymes
Over the loudspeaker about the hard times
Sat across from a man reading El Diario
Riding the train down from the El Barrio
Went from the station, to Orange Julius
I bought a hot dog - from who? George Drakoulias

[A Year And A Day]

M C for what I am, and do
The A is for Adam, and the lyrics... true
So as I pray and hope, that the message is sent
And I am living in the dreams that I have dreamt
Because I'm down with the three, the unstoppable three
Me and Adam and D were born to emcee
And my body and soul and mind are pure
Not polluted or diluted or damaged beyond cure
Just lyrics from I to you, recited
Arrested, bailed, but cuffed and indicted
Enter the arena as I take the center stage
The lights set low, and the night has come of age
Take the microphone in hand as I am a professional
Speak my knowledge to the crowd, and the Ed is Special
For I am the Bard, and I am the last one
I am the king, and this is my castle
Dwell in realms of now, but vidi those of the past
Seen a glimpse from ahead, and I don't think it's gonna last
And you can bet your ass

I drop the L when I'm skiin'
I'm smokin' and peakin'
I put the skis on the roof almost every single weekend
Can't stop the mindfuck when it's rollin' along
Can't stop the smooth running when the shit's running strong
Broke my bindings, the lion with wings
Preaching his words in the b-boy sing
I am one with myself, as I turn to thee
Prefer the dreams to the reality
I prefer my life, don't need no other man's wife
Don't need no crazy lifestyle with stress and strife
But it's good to have a turn to be a king for a day
Or for a week, or for a year, or for a year and a day
Come what may

I'm fishin' in my boat, and I'm fishing for trout
Mix the Bass Ale with the Guinness Stout
Fishing for a line inside my brain
And looking out at the world through my window pane
Every day has many colors 'cause the glass is stained
Everything has changed but remains the same
So once again the mirror raised, and I see myself as clear as day
And I'm going to the limits of my ultimate destiny
Feeling as though somebody, somewhere, is testing me
He who sees the end from the beginning of time
Looking forward through all the ages is, was, and always shall be
Check the prophetic sections of the pages

EZ Mike with the Disco Dave

He goes by the name of the D-D-D-Disco Dave
Disco Dave, Disco Dave, Disco Dave
Disco Dave, Disco Dave, Disco Dave
Disco Dave, Disco Dave, Disco Dave
Disco Dave

[Hello Brooklyn]

Hello Brooklyn

New York, New York, it's a hell of a town
You know The Bronx is up and I'm Brooklyn down
Because they don't know my name, only know my initials
Building bombs in the attic for elected officials

I quit my job, I cut my hair
You know I cut my boss because I don't care
You tried to get slick you bust a little chuckle
You're gonna get smacked with my gold finger knuckle

'Cause being as fly as me is something that you never thought of
You'll be sticking up old ladies with the hand gun or the sawed-off
I'm a buffalo soldier broader than Broadway
Keep keeping on I don't care what they say

I play my stereo loud, I disturb my neighbor
I want to enjoy the fruits of my labor
'Cause I am the holder of the 3-pack bonanza
If you open the book then you will get your hand slapped

I am the keeper of the 3-pack bonanza
If you ask a question then you will (shall) get the answer
Her breast I saw, I reached, I felt
M-O-N-E-Y the belt

I stay at home just like a hermit
I got the jammy but I don't got the permit
You know why? You got a boyfriend and his name is Nick
Annabelle caught with the shrimpy, limp dick

I ride around town 'cause my ride is fly
I shot a man in Brooklyn
"Just to watch him die"

[Dropping Names]

He thrusts his fists against the post and still insists he sees a ghost
He thrusts his fists against the post and still insists he sees a ghost
She's slipping through his fingers, and she's moving out to the coast
He thrusts his fists against the post and still insists he sees a ghost

Well, if your world was all black, and then your world was all white
Well, then you wouldn't get much color out of life now, right?
I'm nicknamed Shamrock, well, my name is not Shamus
Girlies on the tippy 'cause my homey is famous
My name is not O'Houlihee, nor is it Brian
If I said that I was weak, man, you know I'd be lyin'
Well, suckers try to bite, yeah, then try to pursue it

Ya explain to a musician…
Them knew it, but them can't do it

[Lay It On Me]

"Uh, funky baby
Lay it on me now
Not so hard, man"

Yo...
I've got Chinese eyes and Chinese suits (Lay it on me now)
Smokin' much Buddha and smokin' much boots
More updated on the hip-hop lingo (Not so hard, man)
My favorite New York Knick was Harthorne Wingo
Met a girl at a party, and I gave her my card
Man, you know that it said Napoleon Bonaparte
(Lay it on me now)
Peepin' out the colors, I be buggin' on Cezanne
They call me Mike D, Joe Blow, the Lover Man
Well, your face turns red as your glass of wine
That you spilled on my lyrics as you wasted my time (Lay it on me now)
Girl, you should be with me, you should drop that bum
'Cause I got more flavor than Fruit Stripe Gum
With that big round butt of yours
I'd like to butter your muffin
I'm not bluffin'
Serve you on a platter like Thanksgiving stuffin'
("And what it")
Stuffing, stuffing
Stuff it, buddy

[Mike On The Mic]

Here's another one for y'all to peep
It's called M-I-K-E on the M-I-C

See... I met this girl last night with a peculiar cackle
I laid the bait, and then she took the tackle
Had too much to drink at the Red Lobster
Now the room is spinnin' 'round like the blades of a helicopter
I never met a girl that was too finicky
If the press has their way, then they're going to finish me
You might know this, but you've never been this, see?
If I ate spinach I'd be called Spinach D
I shed light like cats shed fur
Ride around town like I'm Raymond Burr
I'm so high that they call me Your Highness
So if you don't know me, then pardon my shyness
I live in the Village, wherever I go I walk to
I keep my friends around so I have someone to talk to
I play my music loud because you know it's got clout to it
"It's a trip... it's got a funky beat
And I can bug out to it!"

[A.W.O.L.]

"Good times"

DJ Hurricane!
When Mike D's in the house, what you gonna do?
I go AWOL!
Ad-Rock's in the house, what you gonna do?
I go AWOL!
When MCA's in the house, what you gonna do?
I go AWOL!
When Hurricane's in the house, what you gonna do?
He goes AWOL!

Cey City's in the house, what you gonna do?
Home-one, what you gonna do?
Captain Pissy in the house, what you gonna do?
Dust Brothers in the house, what you gonna do?
Mike G in the house, what you gonna do?
Mookie's in the house, what you gonna do?
Hollis Crew, what you gonna do?
Jarvis in the house, what you gonna do?
When Killa Cutty's in the house, what you gonna do?
Jazzy Jay in the house
Bad Brains in the house
Original Concept in the house!
Yo, good night Amsterdam

"Now I want you all to break this down"

To all the girls
To all the girls

"You liked it?"
"Well, some of it seemed good!"
