

Troublesome, nigga
Hahaha, troublesome 19-motherfucking-96
(Westside!) Let it be known, nigga!
Boss of all bosses, Makaveli

Menacin' methods, label me a lethal weapon
Making niggas die witnessin' breathless imperfections
Can you picture my specific plan?
To be the man in this wicked land
Underhanded hits are planned
These Scams are plotted over grams and rocks
Outlaw motherfuckers die by the random shots
We all die in the end, so revenge we swore
I was all about my ends; fuck friends and foes!
Me, a born leader, never leave the block without my heater
Got me a dog and named her my "bitch nigga eater"
What could they do to me, you lil' brat?
Shit, them niggas that shot me is still terrified I'll get they ass
How can I show you how I feel inside?
We Outlawz, motherfuckers can't kill my pride
Niggas talk a lot of shit, but that's after I'm gone
'Cause they fear me in my physical form
Let it be known I'm troublesome

La la la la, la, la
La, la-la la, lahhh
Bye bye, bye bye
All you niggas die

[2Pac:]
Troublesome nigga, Outlawz
Put it down to the fullest
Spittin' rhymes and bullets, ha ha
We troublesome
Y'all know what time it is
Call the punk police, they can't stop us
Niggas run the streets, we troubleshit

Gutter ways, my mentality is ghetto
We guerrilla in this criminal war, we all rebels
Death before dishonor, bet I bomb on first
Niggas knew we came for murder, pullin' up in a hearse
Westside was the war cry, bustin' off freely
Screaming, "Fuck all ya'll niggas!" in Swahili
Pistol packin', fresh out of jail, I ain't goin' back
Release me to the care of my heartless strap
Say my name three times like Candyman
Bet I roll on yo' ass like an avalanche
A sole survivor, learned to get high and pull drive-by's
Murder my foes, can't control my 9
Hearin' thoughts of my enemies pleadin' please
Busta-ass motherfuckers tried to flee
Picture me lettin' this chump survive; ran up on his ass
When I dumped he died, 'cause I'm troublesome

La la la la, la, la
La, la-la la, lahhh
Bye bye, bye bye
All you niggas die

[2Pac:]
Young, strapped, and I don't give a fuck – I'm hopeless
I live the Thug Life, losin' my focus, ba-baby
I'm troublesome, haha
Bad Boy killa, there is no one realer
What you saw was the rough, rugged and raw – Outlaw!

"Murder murder" my mind state, shit ain't changed
Since my last rhyme – the crime rate ain't decline
Niggas bustin' shots like they lost they mind
Like 25 to life never crossed they mind
Tell me young nigga never learned a thang
Dead at thirteen 'cause he yearned to bang
Sent a lot of flowers, but how could I cry
Tried to warn the little nigga, "Either stop or die"
Mercy is for the weak, when I speak I scream
Afraid to sleep; I'm having crazy dreams
Vivid pictures of my enemies, family times
God to forgive me 'cause it's wrong, but I plan to die
Either take me in Heaven and understand I was a G.
Did the best I could, raised in insanity
Or send me to Hell, 'cause I ain't begging for my life
Ain't nothing worse than this cursed-ass hopeless life
I'm troublesome

La la la la, la, la
La, la-la la, lahhh
Bye bye, bye bye
All you niggas die

In your wildest dreams you couldn't picture a nigga like me
Hahahaha – I'm troublesome, I don't give a fuck
I'm troublesome… like my nigga Napoleon said, nigga
Somebody gotta explain why I ain't got shit
Ha ha, I'm troublesome
You know what time it is, the Outlaw clique
Young rugged and sick
Makaveli the Don, the Boss of all Bosses
Mussolini, E.D.I. Amin, Hussein Fatal
Kadafi, Kastro, Napoleon, Po-Nitty
Haha, we ain't fuckin' around
Haha, we Troublesome
Ayo, haha, we Troublesome, I ain't going, HA HAH
Young Kastro, the first to blast, the last one to dash
Going for the hoes and the cash
Fuck you niggas! Outlawz! Ha hah!
Khadafi – trump tight, never sloppy
Them motherfuckers try to copy
But they can't mock you, nigga, you're too strong
Outlawz keep it going on, you know whassup
Outlawz, Outlawz, all you niggas die
Outlawz, Outlawz
This is dedicated to the real niggas
All the real troublesome soldiers on the streets

…bye bye, bye bye, all you niggas die…
