

Do you feel like I do?
Do you feel like I do?
Do you feel like I do?
Do you feel like I do? (Do it!)

In the heat of the night
When there is no light
I just think of you and everythings alright
You make me so hot that you leave me steamin'
And I wake up to find I was only dreamin'
I wonder,"Do you feel the same way?"
Having dreams about the two of us some day
With two-and-a-half kids and a white picket fence
I love you baby till it don't make sense
Now I know you've been hurt many times before
And like me, you don't wanna get hurt no more
But I'll do you right baby, simple and plain
And it's alright once ya get past the pain
Now if you like, I'll get down on one knee
And tell you all the things that you mean to me
Look in my eyes and you'll know it's true
So let me ask you darlin': Do you feel like I do?

Do you feel (come on) like I do? (come on)
Do you feel (like what honey) like I do? (Do you feel like I do?)
Do you feel (come on) like I do? (come on)
Do you feel (like what now) like I do?

Now I understand
What you want in a man
Is not just a brother who will hold your hand
But someone who is gonna love you too
And when you need it, be a best friend to you
OK, that's a good place to start
Cause a body ain't nothin' if you don't have heart
And what I mean by that is that my heart comes first
And if I only give you body it'll just get worse
So come on. Take this chance with me
Take my hand and do a little dance with me
Don't be scared cause darlin' I'm here to protect you
And no matter what I'll always respect you
Girl, I'm giving you the best of me
Because I think the two of us are like destiny
I once felt old but now I feel brand new
So let me ask you darlin': Do you feel like I do?

Do you feel (come on) like I do? (come on)
Do you feel (like what honey) like I do? (Do you feel like I do?)
Do you feel (come on) like I do? (come on)
Do you feel (like what now) like I do? (Do it!)

Many women before
Have walked through my door
Asking for money and a trip on tour
They got it goin' on. Yeah the girls are fine
But they're diggin' for gold and I'm not the gold mine
One lady stands out in particular
We hit a movie, or in Spanish a pelicula
Well the movie was good. The people started clappin'
But all she could talk about was money and my rappin'
She said she wanted me for her man but I said "Ehn-eh!"
Because you remind me of the girls spectin' my [?]
Talkin' bout a wedding when there ain't no ring
Man, the two of us didn't even do the wild thing
Now she don't know me from Adam, Eve or the apple
But still she wanna talk about a wedding and a chapel?
No! That's not the way I go out
Because I need a girl to love me and there is no doubt
That's why I ask "Do you feel like I do?"
Because the future Mrs. Young is gonna be more like you
A little bit sexy, a little bit sassy
A body for lovin', and you still look classy
And chill, never get jealous or mad
Cause deep down you know I want you oh so bad
I'll be your fantasy, your dream come true
So just tell me darlin': Do you feel like I do?

Do you feel (come on) like I do? (come on)
Do you feel (like what honey) like I do? (Do you feel like I do?)
Do you feel (come on) like I do? (come on)
Do you feel (like what now) like I do? (Do it!)

Do you feel (come on) like I do? (come on)
Do you feel (like what honey) like I do? (Do you feel like I do?)
Do you feel (come on) like I do? (come on)
Do you feel like I do?

Beautiful
Was that good?
