

"Keep your eyes on the prize", that's the name of this song
And if you take heed then you won't go wrong
You have to be responsible
And know that nothing in life is impossible
Just go for yours if it's yours to go for
Cause if you don't you'll have nothin' to show for
It. So don't play. Tell the truth, not lies
And whatever you do, keep your eyes on the prize

Like your job for instance
Your first instinct is to keep your distance
Because despite your heart and persistence
No hiring is requiring your assistance
So instead you just sit home chillin'
Like a couch potato watchin' "All My Chillin'"
Instead of goin' out and lookin' in the want ads
You're tellin' your friends you can't believe Brooke slept with Tad
Now that's bad. That's detrimental
Cause you don't maximize your potential
You got to make the most of what you got
Cause sometimes in life things ain't so hot
So listen to the words I speak
Look around to things ain't so bleak
And good things go to the one who tries
So don't lose focus and keep your eyes on the prize

Keep your eyes on the prize
Keep your eyes on the prize

In life as a whole
Stay on top and never lose control
There'll be people tryin' to knock you down
But you gotta tell them you're the kid. Ain't messin' around
For example, an award at school
Or a promotion at work that makes you real cool
You may think it's for someone else
But you realize you got a good chance yourself
The only difference between you and him
Is you think you'll lose and he thinks he'll win
So shoot your shot and you'll be happy that you shot it
Cause I went for the Grammy and damnit I got it
So here's a motivational seminar
Cause when you think you're better than them you are
No matter creed, color, sex, religion or size
So do what you want to do, and keep your eyes on the prize

Keep your eyes on the prize
And not we whistle

Women, well they're not a prize per se
But focus on them in the same way
We're talkin' flesh and blood, not a thing
We're talkin' bout a lady and not a brass ring
Ask her out. Take her to dinner
She'll make you feel like a lottery winner
I know it's hard. I know it's tough
Cause some girls out there can be so rough
But, yo, that girl is human
No matter how that body is boomin'
She's just like me, and just like you
So homeboy here's what you got to do
Now remember when you were lonely
Wishin' you had a one and only?
Well what you should've done then you gotta do now
So listen to the Young when I show you how. C'mon
Take a trip down memory lane
To the people and the places in the back of your brain
The problems you had then have now been solved
So the ones you got now will also be resolved. Yo
Step to 'er, make your plea
Say "Baby doll, I want you here with me."
Hey, don't be scared and don't be shy
Just say what you feel my man and keep your eyes on the prize

Keep your eyes on the prize
Keep your eyes on the prize
