

5, 4, 3, 2

Decisions, decisions. How can I decide
Which girlie I want to be my bride
Or girlfriend. It's like a dating game
Do they want me for me or for the money and fame?
Good question that I ask each time
That I meet a lady and she knows I rhyme
For a livin'. So I'm givin' you notice
I'm not dumb. Don't you think that I would know this
Fact, that you used to call me whack
But now I'm Young MC so, yo, you wanna come back?
Nah, that's not the way that it go
I don't need a weatherman to feel the wind blow
So unfortunately I've grown colder
Girls freezin' fingers upon my cold shoulder
I get hype every time I sight one
Then I think to myself, "Is this girl the right one?"

Is it real? Is it real?
Is it real? Is it real?
Is this girl the right one?
Is it real? Is it real?

To all the ladies I'm givin' an earful
Cause brothers like me have got to be careful
Of the who, the what, the why, the where, the when and how
I'm gonna need a girl right now. Wow
I let it be known I'm lookin'
Like a chef with a fire who's scared to start cookin'
Cause I'm not gonna go from the frying pan into the fire
And find myself with some live wire. Liar
I don't know why you keep goin'
Cause if you don't stop your nose will start growin'
And fairy tale tellin is for Seuss and Grimm
So don't try to play me out like a Slim Jim
Then I know how it's gonna happen
You get amped off the fact that I be rappin'
The spot you put me in is a tight one
So, yo, I've got to be sure if this girls the right one

Is it real? Is it real?
Is it real? Is it real?
Is this girl the right one?
My man G Love E comin' in on the breakdown
Goes like this
Oh, yeah
Oh, yeah
Oh, yeah
Oh, oh, yeah

So, yo, here's the story of girls in their glory
Nothin' controversial. Nothin' inflammatory
One day I sighted this sweet young miss
I spoke to her and it went like this
"Well, well, well. How do you do?
You know, you're lookin' kinda fly. I wanna talk to you
Maybe the two of us can meet on a rendezvous
And I'll take you out for lobster and not cheap stew." Ew
She came with a negative reply
Dissin' me hard and lookin' dead in my eye
Then someone said,"Yo, Young MC."
She said,"That's you?" I said,"Uh-huh that's me." Gee
Well that right there must've changed her tone
Cause she did a 180 like Carl Malone
"Hi! Hello! How ya doin!" and "Howdy!"
When five minutes ago this chick was like Audi
But check it. No doubt the girl was fine
The grill, the fronts, the dumps, yo, the whole nine
But I don't know her from Adam or Eve
If she has real hair or a basket weave
Whether she drives the car, or she rides the bus
Whether the boots are real, or from Boots-R-Us
Whether she smokes or not. Does she love to light one?
A-B-C ya baby, cause you're not the right one

Is it real? Is it real?
Is it real? Is it real?
No you're not the right one
Is it real? Is it real?
Is it real? Is it real? (cont.)
