

[Narrator:]
Let's describe a certain female. A female with the disease of character and attitude. If you will, a snob. However, in the view of NWA...

[Ice Cube:]
A bitch is a bitch (bitch)
So if I'm poor or rich (word up)
I talk in the exact same pitch
Now, the title bitch don't apply to all women
But all women have a little bitch in 'em (yeah)
It's like a disease that plagues their character
Takin' the women of America (yeah)
And it starts with the letter B
It makes a girl like that think she better than me (bitch)
See, some get mad and some just bear it
But, yo, if the shoe fits wear it (wear it)
It makes 'em go deaf in the ear
That's why when you say 'Hi' she won't say 'Hi'
Are you the kind that think you're too damn fly?
Bitch eat shit 'n die (ha, ha)
Ice Cube comin' at you at a crazy pitch
(Why?) I think a bitch is a bitch

'Who the fuck you think you're callin' a bitch you little sorry muthafucka?
I dunno who the fuck you think you're talkin' to. Let me tell you one
Motherfuckin' thang, I'm not a... ' [Eazy E] 'Bitch, shut the fuck up.'

Yo, you can tell a girl that's out for the money (How?)
She look good and the bitch walk funny
She ain't no dummy she's rather conniving
Yo, bitch fuck what I'm driving
See a young nigga that's striving
You're thru' without a BMW
That's why a bitch is a bitch
I guess, or either P-M-S
Here, test the girl that's kinda snobby (a'ight)
And I bet you dissing niggas is her hobby
And after she finished the test
Write today a B-I-T-C-H
And watch her get mad 'cause she know it's true (she know it)
But a nigga like me, I say, 'Fuck you.'
Do like Ice Cube, slam her ass in a ditch (slam her ass)
'Cause a bitch is a bitch

'Why I gonna be a bitch? '
'I ain't call you no bitch. If you'd listen to a goddamn song it'd tell
You what a bitch is.'
'Fuck the song 'cause I'm not no motherfuckin' bitch.'
'I didn't say you was a bitch.' ( If you stop acting like a goddamn bitch )
'Fuck you, punk-ass nigga!'
'Fuck you, bitch! You sloppy-ass, scandalous-ass ho!
'Fuck you, bitch!
'Fuck you! Who the fuck you think you are?
'Fuck you! Suck my dick, bitch!
Ol' scandalous ass DooDoo dog breath smoking ugly ....

I once knew a bitch who got slapped
'Cause she played me like she was all that
A bitch can be your best friend talking behind your back (yeah)
About who's fucking who and who's getting fat
Look at yourself for me, (look bitch)
Now do you fall in this category?
Or you're the kind that won't blink
'Cause you don't think, yo, shit stinks
Luckily I haven't had a drink
'Cause I'll down yo ass
Than I'll clown yo ass
'Cause the niggas I hang with ain't rich (I ain't rich)
We'll all say 'Fuck you bitch!' (Word up!)
Now, what can I do with a hoe like you
Bend yo ass over then I'm thru'
'Cause that you see Ice Cube ain't takin' no shit
(Why?) 'Cause I think a bitch is a bitch

[Narrator:]
There you have it. The description of a bitch. Now ask yourself,
Are they talking about you? Are you that funky, dirty, money-hungry,
Scandalous, stuck-up, hair piece contact wearing bitch? Yep, you
Probably are.

Bitch
