

Comp-ton
Comp-ton
Comp-ton

Real motherfucking G's...
Real motherfucking G's...
Real motherfucking G's...

[Eazy-E]
Hey Yo doctor, here's another proper track
And it's phat, watch the sniper, time to pay the piper
And let that real shit provoke, see you's a wannabe 'loc
And you'll get smoked and I hope that your fans understand
When you talk about spraying me, the same records that you makin' is paying me
Motherfuck Dre
Motherfuck Snoop
Motherfuck Death Row
Yo, and here comes my left blow
'cause I'm the E-A-Z-Y-E, and this is the season
To let the Real motherfucking G's in, you're like a kid
You found a pup and now you're dapper,
But tell me where the fuck you found an anorexic rapper?
Talking 'bout who you gon' squabble with and who you shoot
You're only 60 pounds when you're wet and wearing boots
Damn E, they tried to fade you on Dre Day
But Dre Day only meant Eazy's payday
All of a sudden Dr. Dre is a G thing,
But on his old album covers he was a she thing
So nigga please, nigga please don't step to these motherfuckin' real G's

Stop him in his tracks, show him that I am ruthless
Yo, Dre, what's up? [bang] Boy you should've known by now
Stop him in his tracks, show him that I am ruthless
Yo, Dre, what's up? [bang] Boy you should've known by now

[Dresta]
Every day it's a new rapper, claiming to be dapper than the Dresta,
Softer then a bitch but portray the role of gangster,
Ain't broke a law in your life, yet every time you rap
You yap about the guns and knife, just take a good look
At the Nigga, and you'll capture the fact,
That the bastard is simply just an actor,
Who mastered the bang and the slang and the Mental,
Of niggas in Compton, Watts, and South Central
Never ever once have you ran with the turf,
But yet in every verse you claim you used to do the dirt,
But tell me who's a witness to your fucking work,
So you never handle business,
So save the drama jerk,
Niggas straight kill me knowing that they pranksters,
This is going out to you studio gangsters,
See I did dirt, put in work, and many niggas can vouch that,
So since I got stripes I got the right to rap about that,
But niggas like you
I gotta hate you, 'cause I'm just tired of suburbia niggas
Talking about they come from projects
Knowing you ain't seen the parts of the streets G
Think you started tryna bang around the time of the peace treaty
Wearing khakis and mob while you rhyme, little fag tried to sag,
But you're flooding at the same time,
And your set don't accept you, scared to kick it with your homies
'cause you know they don't respect you,
So nigga please check nuts before you step to these, motherfucking real G's

[B.G. Knocc Out]
Well, it's the Knocc Out, definition original baby gangster
Approach me like you hard, motherfucker I'mma bank you
Shank you, with my fucking shank, if I have to
Dr. Dre and Snoop Doggy Dogg are fucking actors
Pranksters, studio gangsters, busters
But this time you're dealing with some real motherfuckers
G's, nigga please, don't try to step
Because if you do, and I peeled cap is all that would be left
See, young niggas like me will break you off something,
Claiming my city, but, Dre, you ain't from Compton
Niggas like you all is what I call wannabes
And ain't shit compared to real motherfuckin' G's

Stop him in his tracks, show him that I am ruthless
Yo, Dre, what's up? [bang]
Boy, you should've known by now

[Eazy-E]
I never met an OG who never did shit wrong
You tried to diss the Eazy-E so now, nigga, it's on you and your Doggy Dogg,
Think that you all hoggin' shit
Both of you bitches can come and suck my Doggy dick
Beating up a bitch don't make you shit,
But then again some niggas think it makes a man,
Damn it's a trip
How a nigga could switch so quick from wearing lipstick
To smoking on Chronic at picnics, and now you think you're bigger
But to me you ain't nothing but a bitch-ass nigga
That ain't worth a food stamp, and at
Death Row, I hear you're getting treated like boot camp
Gotta follow your sergeant's directions, or get your ass
Popped with this Smith and Wesson,
Learn a lesson from the Eaz'
Stay in your place and don't step to Real motherfucking G's

Stop him in his tracks, show him that I am ruthless!
Yo, Dre (what's up?) [bang]
Boy you should have known by now..
Stop him in his tracks, show him that I am ruthless!
Yo, Dre (what's up?) [bang]
Boy you should have known by now...
Stop him in his tracks, show him that I am ruthless!
Yo, Dre (what's up?) [bang]
Boy you should have known by now, Eazy does it.
