

Some good-ass weed
Check it out Dog: this game is a motherfucking trip man. Word on the streets, everybody always trying to run up on me hollering about "Word on the streets is, this nigga said this". Man, I don't give a fuck about what that nigga said man. That's what's wrong with you niggas. You niggas is just like bitches. Ho-ass niggas, talk too motherfucking much (Speak). Stay to your own, get your own–you know what I'm saying? Be independent, nigga
Bitch

Yeah
Bitch niggas (Bitch niggas)
Bitch niggas (Bitch niggas)
Bitch-ass niggas (Bitch)
Bitch niggas (Bitch niggas)
Yeah, I'm talking about you (Bitch)
Bitch niggas
And you too (Bitch)
Hmm, Dogg

I meet more bitch niggas than hoes, look here
And I really don't know, but that's just how it go (damn)
Dogg, so many niggas like to keep up shit
And just like a bitch (bitch) niggas be talking shit (nigga)
Smiling in my face and then they blast me in the back (ka-ka-ka-ka-ka)
Niggas stay strapped from way back, cause payback...will
Make niggas wanna pop that shit
If you ain't ready for the game (uh-uh) nigga stop that shit
We rock that shit, my nigga Dre, drop that shit (right)
No more talking, I'm walking and I'm popping the clip
Glock on the hip, set-tripping, dipping and shit
If you act like a bitch (nigga) nigga you get smacked like a bitch

Bitch niggas, bitch niggas (Bitch niggas)
These niggas don't know what the fuck is going on
Yo Dogg, check it, kick back
Let me holler at these niggas for a minute

Straight off the streets of chaos and no pity
The aggravated, making these punk motherfuckers hate it
(Compton) is the city I'm from
Can't never leave the crib without a murder weapon
Huh, I can't live my life on broke no more
And most of these fools ain't shit but cutthroats
They smile in a nigga face, and for what?
They got the game fucked up, and want my thing fucked up
I done learned a lot, seen a whole lot
The top notch nigga, I'm fiending for that spot
Now peep game on what Six-Deuce told me

These niggas after your paper, Dr. D-R-E (What?)
And these punk-ass hoes is looking for dough
You gotta watch your homeboys, cause a nigga never know
Oh, they'll be around, but when your paper get low
Just like Master P said, "There they go, there they go"
Bitch niggas, uh-huh

Attention all personnel:
Stop scheming, and looking hard
Stop scheming, and, an–, and, an–an–, and, and looking hard

Bitch nigga, a bitch nigga
Bitch nigga, hell of bitch nigga
You's a bitch nigga, motherfucker bitch nigga
A bitch nigga, a bitch nigga
A bitch nigga

I know your type, so much bitch in you, if it was slightly darker
Lights was little dimmer, my dick be stuck up in your windpipe
Hmm, you'd rather blow me than fight, I'm from the old school
Like Romey Rome, homey, yo, you owe me the right
To slap you, like the bitch that you are, been wanting to cap you
Every since you was mad dogging me with that bitch in your car
Fool, "Who do you think you are? Mr. Big Stuff"
Man, you shit on Hitt, get your shit bust, plus
Pistol-whipped, cover it up, use your bitch's blush
Mr. Powder Puff your bark ain't loud enough, huh
I know Chihuahuas that's more rah-rah, ha ha
I have to laugh Dre, I bet he take bubble baths
You don't want no trouble with the Aftermath staff, trust me
Doggy Dogg, Diggy Doctor plus me
No you's a buster slash hussy, soft as a hush puppy
Must we break you down to estrogen most hated specimens
A bitch nigga

Stop scheming, and looking hard
Stop, stop, stop scheming, and looking hard
Stop, stop, ah, –op, –op, stop, sch–, sch–, scheming and looking hard
Stop, stop, ah, –op, –op, stop, sch–, sch–, scheming and looking hard
Stop scheming an–, an–, an–, an–, an–, and looking hard
Stop scheming, and looking hard
Stop sche–, scheming, and looking hard
Stop scheming, and, and, and stop scheming, and looking hard
