

Yeah nigga, MC Ren up in this motherfucker
(West West y'all)
Yeah, L.A. niggas
L.A. niggas rule the world nigga
Y'all niggas gotta recognize, you know what I'm saying?
Niggas don't wanna peep game, you know what I'm saying?
But this shit come all the way back around here
My nigga Dre, dropping heat box on y'all bitch-ass
you know what I'm saying? You gotta recognize
L.A. niggas, connected all over the motherfucking world, nigga
Recognize this; peep game

Now in my younger days I used to sport a rag
Backpack full of cans plus a four-four mag
G'd up from the feet up
Blue'd up from the shoe up's how I grew up
Loc'n, smoking and drinking 'til we threw up (until we threw up)
At Leimert Park, tagging, hitting fools up
Ditching my class, just to fuck your school up
You don't wanna blast, nigga tuck your tool up
But don't sleep, young niggas quick to shoot you
Now there's another motherfucker with no future
But time bomb much smoother when I maneuver, dope like Cuba
Got 'em jumping Disciples to the Hoover

I'm coming "Straight Outta Compton" with a loose cannon
Smoke big green, call it Bruce Banner
Watch your manners, at last another blast from the top notch
From way back with the pop rocks, I pop lock with you
Picture this, Dr. Dre twisting with Tha Liks
And Hittman bought a fix
Don't trip, it's a time bomb in this bitch
Here it tick tick tick tick
Wait a minute it's on, I tell it like a true mackadelic
Weed and cocaine sold separate, check it
From sundown to sunup, clown and run up
The Aftermath'll be two in your gut, nigga what?

We roll deep, smoke on weed drink and pack heat
Requirements for survival each day in L.A.!
It don't stop, we still mash in hot pursuit from the cops
Analyze why we act this way in L.A.!

Gimme that mic fool, it's a west-coast jack move
They call me Hitt 'cause I spit like gats do
Cock me back
Bust caps for my Macz Crew, at Fairfax
Who used to wear Air Max shoes, that's true
But I grew up where niggas jack you, harass you
Blast you, for that set you claim (where you from?)
Mash on you for your Turkish chain, C.K. B.K
Blue'd up or flame, I ran with a gang
I helped niggas get jacked for their Dana Danes
My pants hang below my waistline
I look humble wanna rumble? (yeah yeah)
I bang though, like Vince Carter from the baseline
Don't waste my time
Fuck a scrap in killer Cali, AKs and 9s
One-time's, sun-shines, and fine-ass bitches
Hawaiian Thai, drive-bys, six-fours on switches

I was raised in the hood called "What the dif"
Where the brothers in the hood, refused to go Hollywood
Slugs for the fuck of it
Anybody hating on us can suck a dick
If I catch you touching mine you catch a flat-line, dead on the floor
Better than yours, driving away getting head from a whore
It's AvireX-to-the-Z
Fucking with me might get you banned from TV
Cassette and CD it's all mine the whole nine the right time
Multiply, we don't die, the streets don't lie
What, so neither do I, I'm bad for your health
Like putting a pistol up to your face and blasting yourself

Five in the morning, burglars at my door
Glock forty-five in my dresser drawer
Let 'em come in BOW, he see the thunder roll
Roll with niggas, who buy fifths by the four
And brews by the case
Slap you in the face with the bass, Dr. Dre laced
Likwit Kings with sedans and gold rings
Haters scope the style, but can't find no openings

We roll deep, smoke on weed drink and pack heat
Requirements for survival each day in L.A.!
It don't stop, we still mash in hot pursuit from the cops
Analyze why we act this way in L.A.!

In L.A
That's how we ride
That's how we ride
That's how we ride
That's how we ride
