

Yeah
Yeah I like that guitar man, yeah
Yo E-Love I like the way you flipped that guitar, man
Know I'm saying? It was a good idea man, know I'm saying? Yeah
It's kinda like freaking me. You know I'm saying?
I wanna get hype man, I wanna do this, you know I'm saying?
Just gon' chill, check it out

Slick as Vaseline, smell good as cologne
I'm like a muscle man in jail—they leave me alone
I rhyme like Superman, you rap like Jimmy Olson
I'll break you like a bottle of green Golden Molson
You ain't a real rhymer, you look like a actress
How you gon' sleep on me, Holmes? Do I look like a mattress?
Am I that old? Do I walk like Grady?
I'm 150 proof. Smirnoff is only 80
Don't you ever try to rock my house
I'm a real cool cat, know what I'm saying Mickey Mouse?
The poetry specialist, so take a dose of this
Now think about it. Can you really come close to this?
You soft as powder, weak as a cabin cooler
Ugly as work shoes, messing with the Ruler:
The ultimate writer, reciter and def entertainer
I work myself harder than a boxer's trainer

Clap your hands everybody (aiyyo)
And everybody just clap your hands (aiyyo)
Clap your hands everybody (aiyyo)
And everybody just clap your hands (aiyyo)
I said, clap your hands everybody (aiyyo)
And everybody just clap your hands (aiyyo)
Clap your hands everybody (aiyyo)
And everybody just clap your hands (aiyyo)

You'll end up underneath my sneaker
You're dog doo-doo, I'm watching you get weaker
You can't believe, the skill and dexterity
LL Cool J, and the J is for Jeremy
So buff me, James Todd the earthquaker
That's right my brother, you're going out like Sega
Screwed and chewed, so what's up dude?
One of my ballads'll get your girlies in the mood
Sucker MCs really make me sick
I'm so bad, I can suck my own dick
If you go to your girl's house and I'm there already
Don't go Crazy 'cause my name ain't Eddie
Rhymes so rough, it's like a course in trigonometry
When Einstein was talking, he was talking about me
The prince of the Earth, and I'ma give birth
To a rhyme so hard you'll look soft as a Smurf
Giggling and wiggling, so how we going out?
Lovely, and that's without a doubt!

Clap your hands everybody (aiyyo)
And everybody just clap your hands (aiyyo)
Clap your hands everybody (aiyyo)
And everybody just clap your hands (aiyyo)
Clap your hands everybody (aiyyo)
And everybody just clap your hands (aiyyo)

Rappers are my servants, they serve me like an emperor
When I'm through, you'll need a nurse to take your temperature
And cool you down, 'cause you're cold as leftovers
Not the ones on the table, I'm talking about ruff rovers
You can't get over, what's my name, Goofy?
You smoke I'm no joke, so my brother break out the looseys
And take a pull, 'cause the buck stops here
I get swift as a magician, wreck shit and disappear
Don't cross me, or lose your loyalty
To the prince of the rap court, I'm royalty
And it ain't no puzzle, it's a shame how rappers guzzle
Paragraphs I put together so I carry a muzzle
To shut 'em up and cut 'em up and make 'em be quiet
I'm a one man riot, so don't even try it
The prince of special tactics, plus I'm athletic
Before you play your hand you better do some calisthenics
Jumping jacks, squats, push-ups, the whole nine
Speak your piece, then I'mma go for mine
And I guarantee you, I'm gonna strike again
I recommend my friend you drop the pen and give in
Cop out to one rhyme 'cause you're facing ten
I ain't Sidney Poitier but we can "Do This Again"
I'm nice with mines, and I gotta admit it
You don't really wanna battle, why don't you just forget it!

Clap your hands everybody (aiyyo)
And everybody just clap your hands (aiyyo)
Clap your hands everybody (aiyyo)
And everybody just clap your hands (aiyyo)

But if you're hard-headed and you still don't understand
Here's a little sample - ahem, my man

"Hello?"
"Cool J"
"...takes everything you've got"
"Pushing a broom"
"...sure would help a lot"

Check my stats, how we living, I thought so
I'm fresh, oh yes. But can they flow? Hell, no
My rhymes are up to date, excellent, on point
I'm telling you, they're the serious joint
I eat my steak fast, I drink my brew slow
My voice is milky with a nice clear flow
I eat like a fat man, and walk like a gigolo
I'm not a ballplayer, so now y'know!

Clap your hands everybody (aiyyo)
And everybody just clap your hands (aiyyo)
'Cause I'm in the house, everybody (aiyyo)
And everybody just clap your hands (aiyyo)

Know what I'm saying?
And I'mma be straight 'til the year 3000
That's word to 'muvva'. You know I'm saying?
And I say 'muvva' with a "v" 'cause the "v" is for "victory". You know I'm saying?
'Cause I'm the victor in this game. Word up. Know I'm saying?
That's what time it is
Peace

That man, he sure is funky funky funky funky! Funky, he sure is! You best believe he's funky! You didn't know? Funky!
