

[Mack 10 (Ice Cube):]
(Westside!)
Hoo-Bangin' on the transformers
These trick-ass niggas quick to tuck they tail
But fuck that, you know how we get

(Can't get enough of this gangsta shit!)

[Ice Cube:]
It's the don, go let 'em know
Unwettable (ah), big fish incredible
Hoo-Bangin' on the white collars
Got a pile of dollars, still rollin' Impalas
I'm bombin' on Common Sense
Chicago is mine, nigga, hit the fence
Intense kingpin nigga, worldwide
And I bring sin when I wanna hoo-ride
Who died and who applied the pressure
Show me 3 niggas that's fresher
Westside Connect Gang, oh yeah, we talkin' shit
Nigga, do you know who you fuckin' with?

[Ice Cube:]
Ice Cube is the lick Westside is the click
(Can't get enough of this gangsta shit!)
(Can't get enough of this gangsta shit!)

[Mack 10:]
It's Mack 10 fool, that nigga with heaters
Gauges revolvers techs and millimeters
You know how we hoo-ride when we collide
Niggas run but they can't hide
'Cause it's worldwide (Inglewood!)
I'm jackin' and lickin' niggas that's straight trippin'
Square ass niggas can't tell an ounce from a chicken
I fill you full of lead and I take you Big heads
So nigga watch how ya talkin' I'm still chicken hawkin'
So hit the deck punk; don't move, my tech is bigger
And you'll be dead if I pull this trigger
So where the safe at I want the loot and the cavey
Your money or your life, so punk, act like you savey

[Ice Cube:]
Mack 10 is the lick Westside is the click
(Can't get enough of this gangsta shit!)
(Can't get enough of this gangsta shit!)

Yes
You are now rollin' with the west
We don't fuck with the stress!

[WC:]
Ollie, Ollie, all come free bending the corner
Blowed with a pocket full of weed
Serving all enemies fuck your whole set
This is the Westside Connect, I'm stealing to the neck
Nigga where y'all from where y'all from
Better be the same that I'm claiming muthafuck explainin'
I'm swinging, dropping these thangs, drinking gin out the bottle
Steadily hoo slangin' out the blue Monte Carlo
Spitting hollows out my Roscoe in packs as I blast
Getting my stalk on walk-on nigga, waving my flag
Skip, skip, I'm from that do low double-O hoodsta ride
Sack jacking purse snatching hoo-banging till I die

[Ice Cube:]
Dub-C is the lick Westside is the click
(Can't get enough of this gangsta shit!)
(Can't get enough of this gangsta shit!)

[K-Dee:]
Bullshit after bullshit, what is this?
Got to let these mothafuckas know we mean business
Cock the hammer back and all smiles turn to frowns
Bow down before you realize you out of bounds
Connect subject to do ya
Who ya think you fuckin' with?
Don't let that smooth shit fool ya
Gots no love for you your crew, we bring trouble too
Steal you bitch and have her throwing up the "W"

[Ice Cube:]
K-Dee is the lick Westside is the click
(Can't get enough of this gangsta shit!)
(Can't get enough of this gangsta shit!)

[Tha Comrades:]
Now we duck tapin' ankles and wrists
Following home niggas bitches
Layin' in the cut in chucks and ski masks
Pistol whip they ass till they open up the safe in Calabasas
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust, nigga
Kick in yo assets, all yo dough and yo baguettes
Before I have to go to torturin'
Robberies been the thang since paroled out of Corcoran

[Ice Cube:]
Tha Comrades is the lick Westside is the click
(Can't get enough of this gangsta shit!)

[AllFrumTha I:]
Guess who just stepped out the smog?
It's the Westside Connection mixed with rips and Dogs
All you muthafuckas is talkin' tough
Mad at my homies 'cause they platinum plus
Since I'm the gatekeeper, fuck yo street sweeper!
All my homies is handy with they heaters
You better tighten up yo bullet-proof vest
You niggas can't fuck with the wild wild west!

[Ice Cube:]
AllFrumTha I is the lick Westside is the click
(Can't get enough of this gangsta shit!)
Connect Gang is the lick Westside is the click
(Can't get enough of this gangsta shit!)
Incredible, ah. Dub-S-C-G
Sendin' love to the penitentiary
We hoo-bang, and we hoo-ride
Always represent the worldwide Westside

(Westside!)
