

(This is a live recording)

Exquisite plans to spraycans, diagram
Hieroglyphics imprints at advanced
Outer space - inner space interface
Just by the movements of his hands
Shift the sands!
Exquisite plans to spraycans, diagram
Hieroglyphic imprints is freelanced
... inner-space interface
Just by the movement of his hands

Let's rewind the hands of time, counter-clockwise
To the days of the true hip hop renaissance
The stealth bomber... camouflaged def dyes
The police may try, you slide and go by
Graffiti writers never saw... aerosol pyro-glazed
Paralyze to the wall, I paraglide and hydroplane
Over three coats of primer, the textile designer
Reshuffle my deck and deal aces... with krylon
Swiftly executed before we even heard sideburns
Swerving, spinning, wrecking, kinging, trying to shade eyes
Paint papyrus, but we move in dead silence
Breeze lightening, and they say we breed violence...
If we spray these repellents, you and your mate you a felon
... nowadays, so I remain the assailant
Unanimous... the [?] propellant
Vandalise the scene
Hieroglyphics know the theme

Shift the sands
Exquisite glance to freelanced diagram
Hieroglyphics imprints at advanced, outer-space, inner-space interface
Just by the movements of his hands
Stealth bombing!
Exquisite glance to freelanced diagram
Hieroglyphics imprints at advanced, outer-space, inner-space interface
Just by the movements of his hands

The multi-specialist
Mobilising ultraviolet exodus
Finessing these
... index fingers with ambidextrous expertise
Hand moving tapestries and bombing incessantly
Sketching ain't just impetuous
Vortex... the name... Phesto came
... with centripetal force, magnetism to explain
Zig zags, my tags: an incredible... concourse
Never drip drag or stagger
I toss acrylic gloss across walls
... like magic... cloak and dagger
If you swallow methylene chloride you choke and gagger
... your insides, it might get brain damaged
Quite a tantrum, but we still write at random
The vandal, stuck between a hammer and an anvil
Racing against the clock but left the cops at a standstill
Never crafted... epitaths in jail
I fell in love with using words a lot of niggas couldn't spell
Or scale, peel the stuff with the illest of ease
Paint soliloquies at atomic degrees
When you hoes was blowing girls double dutchin, we was trapeze-
Artisans, type extorting, leave your arch dive in seas?
Hieroglyphics, you could not subdive? with nitroglycerin
Listen, if you're quiet you can hear the ventricular pen and pad?
Repercussion paintballs ricochet... off the inner walls of the aerosol periphery
So chemically sustained... all fluidity
Every pigments' enigma depicted with stigma
A figment... of the invented three dimensional calligraphy
Suspended animation, imagination

Shift the sands
Exquisite plans to spraycans
Diagram, hieroglyphics imprints at advanced
Outer-space inner-space interface
Just by the movements of his haaaands
Stealth Bombing!
Exquisite glance to freelance... diagram
Hieroglyphics imprints at advanced, outer-space, inner-space interface
Just by the movements of his haaaands

The mic-abilist, turntablist
Body-rockers and graf illustrators
Seperated from the gang affiliated
Who debilitated hip hop from topsy turvy
Now these new jacks woud rather spray hot ones... than burgundy
We leave most stereotypes... we contradicted
Hieroglyphics, keep you addicted
To that inscripted crypto-ecliptic
Hypnotisms, polypchrome shallacks [?]
Prismatic, charismatic, it's parabolic ellipses
Silhouettes, shadows, pirouettes like balerinas
All the bureaucrats in Alameda couldn't misdemean us
Submit [?] us... to Santa Rita
I use to dream of a piece in every thing between fruit vale and colloseum
Peace to niggas like dondi, phase 2, Lee Quinones in Wildstyle... the amphitheatre
Now hip hop is multimedia
Graffiti is... unexploited, by these greedy ass record labels
Souls of mischief turn the tables

Shift the sands
Exquisite plans to spraycans
Diagram, hieroglyphics imprints at advanced
Outer-space inner-space interface
Just by the movements of his haaaands
Stealth Bombing!
Exquisite glance to freelance... diagram
Hieroglyphics imprints at advanced, outer-space, inner-space interface
Just by the movements of his haaaands

(That's the way it goes...
Public soul...
Focus
Hieroglyphics y'all!
Maximised 3rd eye...)
