

Aight

Yo, 2pac! Fuck's up?!

What’s up, Treach, nigga

What's up, there's a whole bunch of y’all niggas man just like the Flavour Unit, what's up with that?

Word, we all kinda deep, right

Yo, you should tell Shock to do a song with everybody, putting everybody down, you know

Shock would never do that..!

People want to know about the Underground
And how the hip-hop rivers keep flowing
They want to know where we've been and where we're going
Straight dropping style after style
Let's take a look through the emcee file
Hmm, we've got the K down in Tampa Bay
We've got Mone in Oaktown, we've got Blocko in L.A
The list goes from Africa to down in Miami
Yeah (boy) time to introduce the family

What do you know, our reunion, the family’s back
We went our own different ways, was broke, and now we’re living fat
A different journey and a path we took
Some strayed the wrong way but hey, that's okay
Blocko! The one to break up all the chitchat
Sit back, relax and max as we attack this wax
But it’s like that, that's the way we're living
A Puerto Rican brother with the gift for giving

Well, it's the ‘M’, the ‘A', the ‘C', the dash, the ‘M'
The ‘O', the ‘N', the ‘E', that's me and him
The two, the three, the four, the five, the six
The ‘I', the ‘A', the ‘M', the, hmm, the shit
The one you waited and waited, debated for
To rush and bust and crush and slam the door
To rip and kick and spit a funky rhyme
But I'm ‘O', the ‘U', the ‘T', the ‘O-F' time

Hiphop sound from the underground, family
Gather round, Zulu baby with the boots and crown
Slip in to give us a listen of what you're missing
Able and gifted enough to speak in geez while we're kicking
So listen, it ain't where you're from, it ain't where you're at
It's where you're going, if you didn't know before now you're knowing
The Underground family runs the show
We wrote a song about it, you want to hear it? Here it go

It's a family affair (yeah!)
It's a family affair (family)
It's a family affair (yeah!)
It's a family affair (family)

Yeah, Big Stretch with the motherfucking Underground
Check the sound, it's a family ting running you down
And no question, wrecking from back in the days
With Shock G getting money in criminal ways
But now we're gold and microphone rolling
Sucker duck stolen, leaving the hoes cold drooling
Digital Underground with the Squad
Fuck around and get scarred, it's a family affair

Stepping to the mic as I recite a little line
You don't know who I am? I am the Master, the Mind
Sitting back relaxing as I tell a little story
Like in Wallalaley and Glory!
Met the homeboy December, yo, I do remember
The lyrics I spit make him high and dismembered
A tip of my lip is a hit so beware
I'm down with the ‘Ground, and it's a family affair

It's a family affair (yeah!)
It's a family affair (yeah!)
It's a family affair (yeah!)
It's a family affair (family)

Feel the fire, Shassiah is running live kick it
Like a luxury line with the tube of precision
The way we flow the rhythm hits the party from top
We got the sunshine rhyme so hype air drops
Coming straight from the bridge and going beyond
With the capital ‘P' and the magical wand
Inch one in effect, St. Ides forty beers
Shassiah and I'm out of here, ‘cause it's a family affair

Through audio, video and even in stereo
Walking down the street while niggas try to peep
Our style, I'm telling you it's wild
Brothers looking out for one another
Writing and reciting our poetry
Chilling while you're illing, making cash money
But step to one hass if you dare
And then you know it's a family affair

And here comes P.B.C., O.B., Rakiem

And D-Love

And don't forget my man T.F.E
Cause we're wrecking ‘em

Wrecking ‘em

Wrecking ‘em, adversaries to none
All parts of the body

Don't step to them

We swing this ep for the kleptos
Step while you sweat

Here comes the rep in control
Of the freaky dope concept
That's the time to rhyme

Another Jackson hit

A funky skit?

Yeah, G, we're taxing it

We roam from the Bronx

And then we jet from Queens

And then we talk in Long Island
Where the family seems

If you get big for your pride

We'll take the heart of your block

You get snatched for what you get if you half-step, hops

G-Allah, Earl Wynne, Kid Cush, Shock G
My brother Jean

My man Dave

Fly Jazz and OG
The 85s is the gods, peace for eternity

A tribe? Knowledge-Ciper, THAT'S A FAMILY!

It's a family affair (yeah!)
It's a family affair (family)
It's a family affair (yeah!)
It's a family affair (family)
It's a family affair (yeah!)
It's a family affair (yeah!)

It's a family affair (yeah!)
It's a family affair (yeah!)
It's a family affair (yeah!)
It's a family affair (family)
It's a family affair (yeah!)
It's a family affair (family)
It's a family affair
It's a family affair
