

[Intro: Ice-T]
Yo, yo, what's up this is MC Ice-T
I'm here to kick off the MVPs for the 90's
You know, I'm talkin about my most valuable player buddies
You know, so I'ma drop them on you like this
Check it out

[Ice-T]
to the brothers who put me on in Hip-Hop
I'm talkin' bout grandmaster Kazz, grandmaster Melle Mel
Afrika Islam, Africa Bambaataa, Roger from Encore Jams out here in L.A.
The Unknown DJ and the man called AJ used to run the radio
Peace out, without you I wouldn't be gettin' it on you know what I'm sayin?
And y'all all are players (players, players)
to some of the rappers that gave me respect when others were dissin' me
I'm talkin' bout the man Jalil, the one Ecstasy
And the man Grandmaster Dee, I'm talkin 'bout Whodini
And also the Force M.D.
You treated a brother real cool back in the day
And I ain't forgot that you know what I'm sayin
all those other rappers were treatin me like suckers, FUCK EM
Cause y'all are players
To Run-D.M.C. who kept rap alive when rap was about to take a dive
You know what I'm sayin? You are the "Kings of Rock"
Peace out, y'all are players

players, players

[Ice-T]
straight up, to my true player buddies I'm talkin' about
Big Daddy Kane, you'se a player to your motherfuckin' heart
yeah you know you my nigga, peace
to Biz Markie, yeaaaa boy you know the Biz
remember back on the bus, when we had the bus and was sharin' it Biz?
yeah, I ain't forgot it you my nigga. word
Eric B. & Rakim and the man Ant
Yeah true niggaz with attitudes..to King Sun peace god
to Chuck, Flavor and Griff y'all are still one group as far as I'm concerned
and y'all are true players
to KRS-One and D-Nice and Scott LaRock
I talk to you everynight Scott, you know what time it is
and the BDP posse, they're all players

players, players, players

[Ice-T]
that's right, to Luke Skyywalker and my man Marquis and Mr. Mixx
keep it bumpin' down there in Miami cause y'all are players
To the EPMD true players, to my man ' Moe Dee
Easy Lee and the whole crew y'all are players
to my man Daddy O and the Set Posse, players
to MC Lyte and Queen Latifah, two ladies
that got all the Ice's respect and that's right
that's right girls, y'all are players (players, players)
To my west coast niggaz, I'm talkin' about Too $hort
nigga you in the house, Short Dawg, peace out my man
that's right homeboy, cause you'se a motherfuckin' player
to the Amerikkkas Most Wanted, I'm talkin' about Ice Cube
we always been cool and we will always be cool
cause you my main man, and you'se a player
to Eazy-E, N.W.A. and The D.O.C.
there's a lot of static goin' on between you and Da Lench Mob
but I can't forget the days we all used to tour together
you know what I'm sayin' so you got my respect
and you're motherfuckin' players

players, players

[Ice-T]
to my man King Tee, seem like he can't think without a drink
but he's a player, he's a player got to admit it
Tila you're a goddamn player
To Tone Loc, Boo Ya and the man Kid Frost
Y'all be out tearin' up clubs literally and you're true players
Yo the one and only trigger happy Geto Boys
It took along time and I was there I seen you brothers comin up
But now you in motherfuckin effect
and you're God damn players (players, players, players)
Ha ha, to the Syndicate too many to name y'all right here in the studio
So why I'ma name ya?
I'm lookin' right at ya, and y'all know I ain't even got to tell y'all
Y'all are players; peace out to my manager George
I tought you how to be a player, and you're doin' well
To the Crime Crew good to see y'all out of jail
And y'all are all players
Remember back in the day we used to rob jewelry stores together
To the producers Afrika Islam, the one and only DJ Aladdin (Aladdin, Aladdin)
SLJ Rock Bottom, and the man called Bilal
Peace out, y'all made this record hit and y'all players
Special shout out is goin' out to the one and only MC Hammer
A lot of people diss you man, they just jealous
Fuck 'em, fuck 'em, fuck 'em, fuck 'em, fuck 'em...
