

[Ice Cube:]
The world is mine, nigga, get back
Don't fuck with my stack the gauge is racked
About to drop the bomb I'm the motherfuckin' don
Big fish in a small pond
Now the feds trying to throw they book at the crook
But I shook they worm and they hook
Guppies hold they breath. They want to miss me when I'm tipsy
Running everything west of the Mississippi
Its the unseen, pulling strings with my pinky ring
We got your woman, pucker up 'fore we fuck her up
Bow down before I make a phone call
Got 25 niggas running up on y'all
For the cheese we want them keys
Everybody freeze on your knees, butt naked please
Before any of you guppies get hard
Nigga! Rewind my part fool and....(Bow Down)

(Bow down) When I come to your town
(Bow down) When I'm westward bound
(Bow down) Cuz I ain't a hater like you
Bow down to a nigga that's greater than you (Ooh!)

[Mack 10:]
I take ten steps and I draw (Blaow!)
Now who's dissin' the mad-ass Inglewood addition
I bust like a pimple, my mind is ill mental
The Westside connects with me and South Central
And a drag from the Zig Zag can't fuck with the Phillys
Holdin' down the wild west like a kid they call Billy
Once again it's Mack 10 the gold crown holda
Strong as a Coca-Cola with a chrome pistola (Brr!)
Now who wanna fuss so I can buss when I cuss
My look bring you fear with gear from the Surplus
Since a teen, I chased the green, the crack-scene king
Lolos, Corniches and baguettes on my pieces (Ugh)
So recognize these real Gs, chase the cheese
The Westside Connec' keep it rolling like gold D's
Three-wheeling and dealing, it's like the California style
But in the meanwhile, in my town, you got to bow

(Bow down) When you come to my town
(Bow down) When I'm westward bound
(Bow down) Because I ain't a hater like you
Bow down to a nigga that's greater than you

[W.C.:]
Well it's that, Chuck-wearing, still sporting the beanie
The shadiest nigga in the clique, who want to see me?
As I slide my Locs on, let my khakis hang
Westside Connec' gang, Connec' gang, bing-bing bang (Westside!)
Run away, run away, or get your punk ass slayed
By this H double O to the D to the S.T.A. (Ahh!)
Fuck hiding it, I'm gang-related, simple and plain
Which means I could give a fuck
About you niggas in this rap game (Ugh!)
Flashy niggas get stuck up (Ugh!), beat the fuck up (Ugh!)
When you come around, keep your chain tucked from this...
Zero-zero-apostrophe S shit
Fuck a studio lyricist, I'm real with this (Yes!)
Talk the talk walk the walk
Diss me on wax?
I'm trying to saw your whole fucking head off, nigga
I'm platinum bound, so bitch, shut up
And nigga, all y'all could kiss my Converse like Sho Nuff

(Bow down) When I come to your town
(Bow down) When I'm westward bound
(Bow down) Cuz I ain't a hater like you
Bow down to a nigga that's greater than you

[All:]
(Bow down) When you come to our town
(Bow down) When we westward bound
(Bow down) Cuz we ain't no haters like you
Bow down to some niggas that's greater than you

[Ice Cube:]
Yeah
Ha
Let me tell you something
Gangsta's make the world go round
So you ain't got to clown
But if you live on the west side of your town
Make them other fools bow down
Westside Connection
The world belongs to us

[All:]
Bow down
Bow down
Bow down

(Bow down) When you come to our town
(Bow down) When we westward bound
(Bow down) Cuz we ain't no haters like you
Bow down to some niggas that's greater than you (Fool)
