

[Sam Sneed:]
Oh shit, is, is that Snoop over there? Oh shit
(Fuck that nigga, bitch, my name is Sam Sneed, you better recognize)
Ayo, uh, I'm sorry, I just love that nigga
He is so fine, his music is so fucking dope (man, fuck that nigga)
Ay, look Samuel, I gotta go pee, I'll be right back alright? (Yeah, aight)
Oh shit
Yo Snoop, what's up Snoop? (Yo, hold on)
Hey, how you doing? (Yo, what's happening?)
Yo, Snoop, you know, I just love your shit
You are just so fine, and you- (ayo bitch)
(Bring your black ass back over, what the fuck's wrong with you?)
(Yo, what's happening? Is that your nigga or something?) Ay
Look check this shit out, that nigga, he don't run me, okay?
I'm talking to you, let's- (yeah, what's up nigga?)
(What the fuck's wrong with you?) Man
Yo, nigga, what's happening fool?
You know the name of the game, yo' bitch chose me
Nigga, we can handle this like some gentleman or we can get into some gangsta shit
(Well what's up nigga?) Have it your motherfucking way
(Well what' up?)
That's what's up, nigga

[Snoop Dogg:]
Pump pump, pump pump, pump pump, pump pump
Pump pump

Let the motion of your body be the key 'cause we
Be the motherfucking G Funk family
Now, I'll play the G in this deadly game
Snoop Dogg is the name, Dogg Pound's the gang
If it ain't one thing, it's a motherfuckin' 'nother
Word to my granny and my daddy and my mother
Whether standing on the corner or bouncing in the six-deuce
When I was locked up, I couldn't wait to get loose
'Cause back in the days, on the side where it's at
A nigga had to have a fat stack
And I was a fool, don't make me have to grab my strap and go
Rat-tat-tat-tat, nigga slap to a motherfucker face he fall
Can't none of y'all niggas see the Doggy Dogg
'Cause I'm one rude bwoy coming with the wickedness
So shut the fuck up, and listen while I'm kicking this

Blam blam, blam to them all
Listen to the shots from my nigga Doggy Dogg (pump pump)
Blam blam, blam to them all
Listen to the shots from my nigga Doggy Dogg (pump pump)
Di, di di di da di da, di di di di da
Di di di di da (pump, pump)
Di di di da, di, di di di di da
Di, di di di da, di, di di di da (pump, pump)

Now you can look to the Sun and spot the moon
And see Snoop Doggy Dogg step into the room
With the G funk, he funk, she funk, we funk
Follow me, follow me, listen to the words that a nigga (pump pump)
I come down with the wickedness
One rude bwoy coming with the dopeness (blam!)
Close your eyes 'cause you can't see me
I quit school 'cause of recess, you fucking B.G.
I'm shaking up the party, like Lodi Dodi
Is he the dopest? You better aks somebody
When, then, send some gin
And a pack of zig zags now let the games begin
In nineteen-motherfucking-ninety-three
I'm fucking up every nigga known in the industry
Check this out, it's a Dogg Pound thang
You know who I am you know my motherfucking name, who am I?
(The S-N-Double-O-P) nickname (Silky Slim) last name (D-O-double-G)
The behavior and the flavor that I found
Makes me wanna hit that ass up with the Dogg Pound

Blam blam, blam to them all
Listen to the shots from my nigga Doggy Dogg (pump pump)
Blam blam, blam to them all
Listen to the shots from my nigga Doggy Dogg (pump pump)

Di da, di di di da di da, di-di di da, di di di da di da (Blam!)
Di da, di di di da di da, di-di di da (Blam!) ba-da-bam! Ba-ba-ba-bam!

[Mr. Malik:]
Now just back up, don't act up, I pack up much heat
Any battle I'm in, I win, I can't be beat
Don't sleep while I creep peep out my technique
I forgot, I'm out of sight so you can't see the
MC of the year, you hear and you fear
I got something for them niggas in the front and the rear
I handle the sides, did a drive-by in the who-ride
I'm satisfied now everything is really alright
You know when I come nigga I come wicked
Don't need no permission, motherfucker I'ma kick it
Niggas sweat my shit I wet 'em up with the biscuit
Lick 'em up shot, it don't stop, 'til them all drop
Make up your mind, go pop or slang rocks
Just stop, ridin' on the next nigga's jock
I'm strapped with my Glock on your block
And ready to let loose on the first imitator that I spot

[Snoop Dogg & Mr. Malik:]
Blam blam, blam to them all
Listen to the shots from my nigga Doggy Dogg (pump pump)

[Snoop Dogg:]
Di da, di di di da di da, di-di di da, di di di da di da da
Da di di da, da da da di di da da
Da di di da, da da da di di da-
Da di di da, da da da di di da da
Da di di da, da da da di di da da
Ba-da-bam! Calm down, the shows over...
