

Bitch!
Eeeh, wha'ppen nuh baby
You look good inna ya car, eeh
Longtime mi watch ya and mi wah chat to ya
And ya a gwaan like ya nuh wah chat to me
So wha'ppen Dre, tell 'em weh di fuck a gwaan nuh

Creeping down the back street on Ds
I got my Glock cocked 'cause niggas want these
No soon as I said it, seems I got sweated
By some nigga with a TEC-9 trying to take mine
You wanna make noise? Make noise
I make a phone call, my niggas coming like the Gotti boys
Bodies being found on Greenleaf
With their fucking heads cut off, motherfucker, I'm Dre
So listen to the play-by-play, day-by-day
Rolling in my four with sixteen switches
And got sounds for the bitches
Clocking all the riches, got the hollow points for the snitches
So won't you just walk on by? 'Cause I'm too hard to lift
And no, this ain't Aerosmith
It's the motherfucking D-R-E from the CPT
On a rhyming spree, a straight G
Hop back, as I pop my top, you trip
I let the hollow points commence to pop, pop, pop
Yeah, 'cause if it don't stop
I'll have to put my shit in reverse, go back and take another spot
'Cause I'm—

Rolling in my six-four
What all the niggas saying?

Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (What all the niggas saying?)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride

Just another motherfucking day for Dre, so I'll begin like this
No medallions, dreadlocks or black fists
It's just that gangster glare with gangster raps
That gangster shit makes a gangs of snaps, uh
Word to the motherfucking streets
And word to these hyped-ass lyrics and dope beats
That I hit you with, that I get you with
As I groove in my four on Ds, hitting the switches
Bitches, relax, while I get my proper swerve on
Bumping like a motherfucker, ready to get my serve on
But before I hit the dope spot
Gotta get the chronic, the Rémy Martin and my soda pop
Now I'm smelling like Indonesia
Bus stop full of fly bitches and skeezers
On my dick 'cause my four on hit
Pancake, front and back, side to side, and all that shit
So when I crawl, I comes correct
Now if your bitch in my shit, it's your bitch you check, nigga
Now let the Chevrolet slide
As I dip and make a trip to the south side, yeah

Rolling in my six-four
What all the bitches saying?

Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (What all the motherfucking bitches saying?)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (Know what I'm saying?)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride

Check this out
The sun went down when I hit Slauson
On my way to the strip, now I'm just flossing
Checking my rear-view 'cause niggas, they will do
Jack moves, black fools 'cause I smack fools
Trying to set me up for a two-eleven
Fuck around and get caught up in a one-eight-seven
But I don't represent no gang bang
Some niggas like lynching, but I just watch 'em hang
So on and so on, why don't you let me roll on?
I remember back in the days when I used to have to get my stroll on
Didn't nobody wanna speak
Now everybody peeping out their window when they hear me beating up the street
Is it Dre? Is it Dre?
That's what they say every single motherfucking day
Yo, but I ain't tripping, I'm just kicking it
While my Ds keep spinning and these hoes keep grinning I'll be—

Rolling in my six-four
What everybody saying?

Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride (What everybody saying?)
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride
