

[Capitán Pingaloca:]
"Esto no me gusta. Aquí la gente, la gente no sirve pa' mierda
Aquí yo soy, yo soy Capitán Pingaloca. Y to' mundo aquí
Me sirve a mi o va pa'l carajo. Oye... revolución compadre!"

[B-Real:]
In the midst of the madness no question, who's the baddest
MC's in the game running for the status
Take a few seconds to review the crews
Sitting on top is the Hill looking over you
Killa Hill Niggas, cream in my dream
Cooking up a scheme for all them big bank figures
The world is yours, but it can be mine and his
Bust you out the frame, I don't give a fuck who it is
Number one mission, opposition
Get thrown sent home in dead position
In the casket, best wishes
At the bottom of the lake, sleeping with the fishes
Full out search for the body
Of the MCs who be coming to disrupt the party
No wins, no ends, no way
That I'm ever gonna let ya come back again!

[RZA:]
Check my dramatics, brains get splattered, dreams shattered
Sabas get blasted for words he packaged
Peep the sequence; crab adolescents, on his defense
Power-U niggas talking fast like Puerto Ricans
What you seeking, son I catch cream like Dominicans
Last Mohican, lyrics I'm speaking, wild as Indians
Tomahawk – Shaolin slang, the violent talk
Upstate New York, where chumps get extorted for Newports
What you thought?

[B-Real:]
Ease back, ease back or I squeeze up on the trigger
That I'm ever gonna let ya come back again
That that that I'm ever gonna let ya come back again
Ease back, ease back or I squeeze up on the trigger
That I'm ever gonna let ya come back again
Ease back, ease back
Ease back, ease back or I squeeze up on the trigger
That I'm ever gonna let ya come back again

[Capitán Pingaloca:]
"Y ya está dicho. Todos los que no les guste mi 'rebote' van a murir
Yo le voy a meter una bala a la cabeza a cualquier maricón
Que no me persiga a mi a la 'singadapuerta'. ¡Oye, hijo de puta!
¡Quiero quemarte la cara!"

[U-God:]
Words drop in chant, the cheeky-eyed slant
I'm taking these cannabis plants yo for grant'
Exotic, narcotic, tunes slam soon
From a dune in the desert Mega-Babylon pleasure
Coming out the domepiece, smell my aroma
Warrior nomad, put you in a coma
Comma, llama, smash-crashing your armor
Drama, I'm a, stealth aircraft bomber
Here is where I dwell at the gates o' hell
It ain't where you're from it's where you're in the mentals
And if not yo, credentials are essential
I see reality, few things surrounding me
Three like a spread, precise strikes the lyric
Not frontier or bragging, hundred percent red dragon
Pine-fragranced lyrics, the rhymes you can't imagine
The globe-trotter, call me Meadowlark Lemon
Five part criminal, two part felon

[B-Real:]
That I'm ever gonna let ya come back again
That that that I'm ever gonna let ya come back again
Ease back or I squeeze up on the trigger
That that I'm ever gonna let ya come back again
Ease back, ease back or I squeeze up on the trigger
That I'm ever gonna let ya come back again
Ease back ease back
Ease back, ease back or I squeeze up on the trigger
That I'm ever gonna let ya come back again
Ease back or I squeeze up on the trigger

[Capitán Pingaloca:]
"Esto es muy antiguo. Esta dicho! Aquí, la revolución! No se va a ver por televisión
Todos los maricones del norte, que los voy a matar yo
Va a ser aquí en nuestro país. Y todos los 'singao masones'
Que están chingando el mundo. También, van a ver la muerte
De ellos mismos, en las manos de ellos. Un día, va a ser sangre
Mucha sangre. La peste de los cuerpos muertos, van a oír
Que se va a hueler hasta los Estados Unidos, estos cabrones
Que con la democracia, que nos 'tan chingando en el culo
Todos son unos mismos cabrones..."
